welcome back everybody Adam defeated the
AI in such age
some might say that wasn't really a win
that was just kind of a hobbled along
nobody won that match what we're gonna
do free is right now since we have no
other replays to cast and we're kind of
winding down towards the end of our our
event here today we're gonna do a will
cheese fail but with an oval war Nova
war says twist he wants me to do a dark
templar rush doors is a classic and
we're on ladder alive here gets to take
her and we're up against a terran which
is just not good that's not you know
it's not great it's actually the worst
well this guy mister poopy bud is great
we're hurry welcome to starcraft ii
ladder guys where everyone is just just
lovely the grammar you know it's nice
you get a letter putting in the work put
in the word supply
so this starcraft2 ladder here we go
it's the best place to be jab
it's the best worst place to be yeah I'm
definitely gonna be checking proxies
because guys that talk a lot typically
are doing some borderline suspect stuff
there's a high probability of that
happening yes rarely does somebody talks
so much smack and then go on to play a
normal macro game it's not perceived it
doesn't happen it doesn't happen very
often
very occasionally
you
[Music]
okay so I don't think I've plugged about
them kids yet you guys are just putting
in for the kids there you go
I got you bro for the kids world vision
give me shelter lag TV community showing
up like no other bringing it home we are
approaching the fifteen thousand
Canadian peso mark and only the first
month there's still another whole month
to go and we're aiming for 15 G's we
need your help to 90% of the way there
or more YouTube just gonna step it up
for that last month bring it home I mean
by the time you've hit this video you're
coming up on the end of her together but
there's probably still time to send that
in to get the money going and for us to
hit our personal goal because there's
other people involved in this campaign
but we already smashed the campaign goal
just by herself just murdering it it's
just done absolutely wrecked to be JA
ruled it exactly exactly so big shout
out to World Vision for doing such great
work all this money going pretty much
directly towards helping children all
over the world with food shelter water
education medicine safe spaces in
war-torn or particularly nasty areas yep
also disaster relief a portion also
going into disaster relief which as
anyone would know or the last one you
know several pretty gnarly pretty gnarly
storms all over the place so you got to
be giving it up for that as well so
there you have it
it's good stuff and we're killing it and
mr. mr. black for the kids taking on
apparently God yeah I mean that's the
tough guy to beat you take you're taking
on God he's he's a pretty good Starcraft
players better than I am he's God cuz
he's God alright well Godspeed
I need war prisoner warp gate research
and it is he has no expansion no
expansion in his block you're an
engineering babe
you let it finish - no it's not weird if
he wants to get missile turrets which
chances are he's going to because I
don't have a lot so he's gonna assume
I'm going Oracle yeah if you plan to do
that you just let it finish
alright well that was a tough wall to
break it's just unfortunate that uh just
as I got there his stuff was going up Oh
mr. poopy butt gonna have verbal
diarrhea it's a bit of the cheese fail
there a little bit that's me if I care
I'm gonna change it up Jeff I just want
you to be extra creepy but just beat him
I don't care how you get it done just go
I'm gonna try it a couple mostly just
because these are the type of people in
real life without I would I would like
to write a strongly worded letter that's
good as all good Canadians we just
simply write strongly worded letters
very very strongly worded it's a super
strongly worded now it's about winning
through the kids chances already push
out now to get an expansion
what's fun
so he's coming from that wasn't so good
a couple of cannon shots or a couple of
tank shots to the face it's rock yes
there's the drop on the scene but where
are you going
okay
oh that was close oh that's money that's
a twenty bucks yes from rink rats that's
nice work keep it up thank you regret
I'm sorry losing the mothership core at
that point is better than losing a whole
host of Pro I take it we haven't hit the
patch yet we're after they fire they're
visible
no I don't even know if that even
happened that would be highly
unfortunate as yeah
I really just take a big hit there dude
I absolutely hate Terrence so III think
I might like the hatred is deep it just
you should write a strongly worded
letter to blizzard about Aaron you know
widow mines are widow mines are totally
expensive and not value at all in your
probes pretty ridiculous man it does
make it difficult for next to no micro
you to can get a whole lot of value out
of a couple of seventy-five mineral
units
you
who's this guy no it's unfortunate
that our time putting a lot of work
it's just not enough man went for the DT
rocks or went for the DT Rush and then
he just poked me to death unfortunately
God won Starcraft God won Starcraft
today huh it's annoying but hey we got
20 bucks for the kid we did we pulled in
another $20 for the kids how much more
can you ask for in a game like that not
a whole lot more not a whole lot more
money dude
you put everything into a DT rush
against the Terran is just not the odds
of coming out ahead are pretty slim yeah
pretty pretty slim GG